1. Describe your process. At a high level, how did you go about creating this project?
   I developed the idea for Drip in a class I took previously, so I thought this project was the perfect opportunity to come back to this idea and develop an app for it. Because I knew that there were two different user groups (Wearers and Washers), I started this project by mapping out the user flows for each group. I brainstormed what each interface would look like, and how they would be similar and different. After I had a general idea of what I wanted this to look like, I began generating the spec. Because I am less familiar with React Native/Expo Go, I thought it would be the best idea to use AI to help me generate the spec. However, I quickly realized that one consequence of this is an overly detailed spec. After I finished implementation, I noticed that there were numerous bugs and when I tried to fix them using AI, it just started to go in circles. Because of this, I decided that my best option was to start over completely (this unfortunately meant that I wasted a lot of time on something I needed to completely scrap). However, this time around, I prioritized simplicity in the spec and this led to much better results. It was definitely a learning moment and something that I will take with me for future projects where I decide to use an agentic approach.

2. What AI tools and strategies did you use? What models did you choose, and were you using them in a browser chat, in something like Cursor, in the command line, etc? Did you use an agentic process like in HW8, or something else?
   I used Gemini for initial ideation and brainstorming (also logo generation). I then used GitHub Copilot (Claude Sonnet 4.6 model) using an agentic approach for actual implementation. I used a total of 5 different agents.

3. Why did you make the choices above?
   I decided to use an agentic approach because I really liked the process during HW8. I also used it to implement my Birthday Tracker app for HW9 and it worked really well, so I thought it made the most sense to use it again for this project since I was implementing another app with React Native/Expo Go. As I discussed in question #1, using this approach for this project led to some challenges that I did not experience during HW8 or HW9, but it was definitely a learning moment. I also noticed that the Review phase was not as helpful for this project as it was for HW8 and HW9 because a majority of the failures resulted from updates I made during the development process that were not reflected in the spec. Therefore, I have learned from this project that while it can be helpful in some ways to use AI to generate a spec, it can also lead to challenges and inconsistencies. I think that in the future, I plan to write the spec myself and then possibly have AI review it to see if I missed anything critical.

4. What changed from your pre-113 approach? Compare your approach to how you might have approached the project before 15-113. What has changed, if anything? Do you feel more or less well-equipped to create projects like this within a reasonable time frame?
   Before taking 15-113, I probably would not have approached a project like this at all. I would have been too intimidated by the unfamiliar technology/tools/frameworks to even attempt a project like this. 15-113 has given me the skills to use AI in an effective way that allows me to overcome technical barriers. I have been able to create projects I am very proud of that pre-113, I would not have even known how to get started with. Overall, I feel much more well-equipped to create projects in a reasonable time frame that I am excited to talk about!

5. What might you do with this project with more time?
   If I had more time to work on this project, I would try to implement a functional pay system that allows Wearers to pay their Washers directly through the app. It would also be great if Washers could then see how much money they have made in total from all of the orders they have accepted and completed.
